RaW Digital Playout Component Suite
-----------------------------------

This document provides a guide as to the components in this package.

Configuration
-------------
Configuration for this software is stored in /etc/digiplay. A sample config
file is included called digiplay.conf. This should be copied to /etc and named
'digiplay'.

Database Configuration
----------------------
1. Install postgresql database server and configure pg_hba.conf.
2. From the digiplay root directory:
     cd db
	 ./install

Previous Database Configuration (bit crap and no longer applicable!)
-------------------------------
1. Install postgresql database server and configure pg_hba.conf.
	you need to allow access (using psql for instance) from wherever you
	will run the digiplay software.
2. From digiplay root directory do as root:
		psql template1
3. Then enter: \i db/digiplay.sql
	this will generate the admin and digiuser database accounts, and create
	the digiplay database, tables, sequences and constraints.
4. Then enter: \i db/data.sql
	this will enter necessary data in the database which is needed.
5. Exit psql, and run: db/permissions
	this sets up the default permission on the database for digiplay_user.

Note: You may need to configure /etc/postgresql/pg_hba.conf if you try to
connect to the database from another machine.

Compilation of Code
-------------------
This software requires the following software to be installed. Under debian
this can be achieved by running apt-get install <package-list> where
<package-list> is:
	libpqxx-dev
	libreadline5-dev
	libncurses5-dev
	libqt3-mt-dev
	libcdparanoia0 (for playin application)
This will implicitly install the actual libraries as well. Other distributions
and/or package management systems may require manual installation of these
libraries.

For development of the Digiplay Studio GUI the following packages are required:
	qt3-designer
	qt3-dev-tools

To generate code documentation:
	doxygen
	
Then do
	make sue			(Sustainer service)
	make backend		(System management application and tools)
	make tools			(Management tools only)
	make studio			(Studio applications)
	make playin			(Audio playin application)

	make all			(Make the lot!)

This stuff isn't tested with the new Make system:
	make install		(Installs the binaries in the INSTALLDIR directory)
	make uninstall		(Removes the binaries from their INSTALLDIR directory)
						INSTALLDIR is specified in the Makefile or on 
						commandline
	make suebackup		(Backup sustainer playlist to SUE_FILE)
	make suerestore		(Restore sustainer playlist from SUE_FILE)
						SUE_FILE is specified in the Makefile or on commandline
